Oh
[Music]
you're not just a little nervous in this
house there's not one thing to be afraid
of in this house from the creators of we
know 9-1-1 song either scared the
out of you it's not like anybody got
minded up in here yesterday nothing more
like three and half maybe two a half I
go like - two months in a week comes a
movie so titillating so I got billions
so mind blowing my hands I like to
hook they feel like I could just punch a
crate up into the ground you know you
know I'm just you to install the cable
internet now to fight the forces of evil
and think my wife might be possessed by
a demon
now if we take all of their training
people to think that the devil is made
up like Santa Claus but I assure you the
devil is real
he's a dick all of their faith twice mr.
Burbank back
maybe and how right and have you guys
ever been to Bourbon Street
a happy ending it was a good day
hell baby are you sure you're okay to
drive
well I'm very very high so let's find
out